October 5, 2022

Dr. Siddhartha Agarwal
Assistant Professor
Department of Mining Engineering Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of
Mines) Dhanbad-826004, Jharkhand.

Sir,

My name is Akash Gupta, and I am excited to be applying to the "Auto-Evaluation of Tenders Using Artificial lntelligence / Machine Learning at Mahanadi Coalfields Limited" project as a B.Tech. undergraduate. I am currently a Third year student at Indian Institute of technology - Indian Schhol of Mines, Dhanbad, with a good grasp over machine learning, mainly computer vision and Natural Language Processing. 

Being in a university, with mining as it's legacy, no doubt I wanted to contribute something to the mining field with the skills I have on the machine Learning side. The project seems to be a perfect blemd, which would let me apply my skills to boost the Tender Evaluation speed and make an impact to the ongoing processing timing, and leed to the automation of the work, so thaat the man-strength can be used in the much needed other places.

I have worked in different fields, to apply machine learning to the domains. I have had past research experiences of model compression, novel machine learning model building, synthetic data generation for image recoginition, along with a research paper submitted at Image Recogtition Joural and NeurIPs SystheticData4Ml 2022 conference. I have projects in Natural Language Processing, along with knowledge about OCR, data extraction from documents and essence extraction from text and summarization.

Thank you for your time and consideration. I'm looking forward to start working and explore more about the project. I believe my skills will be a significant asset for your team's current and future needs. I am committed to continuing to grow and applying my talents to help the team lead the industry in creating innovative software solution to boost the current scenerio in tender processing.

Sincerely,
Akash Gupta
20JE0082
B.Tech. in Ece.
IIT-ISM, Dhanbad.
Mob. no. : +91 7355987585